Git and Github project by simplilearn

STEPS TO BE FOLLOWED

1. First create folder named Git and Github project folder and initialised that folder into git repo by using git init.

git config --global user.name "nafees"
git config --global user.email "nafeesanwer007@gmail.com"
created one file named named india.txt and mark a commit having message first commit.   

2. Now creating two branch named as Hotfix and Integration branch as per the project guideline.

 
3. Now create feature1 and feature2 branch under Integration branch.
checkout to integration by using git checkout integration. 
and created two branch feature1 and fetaure2 using git branch feature1/feature2 


4. Now creating some commit in feature2 branch and merge it into Integration branch.
now adding some text in india.txt and marking some commit in feature2 and then merge in integration branch.
It will be the fast forward merge.  

5. As it will be fast forward merge.Now delete the feature2 branch as per the guideline of the project.


6. Now commiting some change in feature1 branch and then rebase it in Integration branch.
Adding some text in india.txt and mark some commit in feature1 branch and then rebase it in integration branch.
git commit -am "first commit in feature1"
git checkout integration
git rebase feature1  


7. Now merging integration branch into Hotfix branch
git checkout hotfix
git merge integration
Fast forward merge happen


8. Also merging integration branch into production branch.
git checkout master  (master is my production branch)
git merge integration
Fast forward merge happen


9. Now commiting some commits in Feature1 branch.
git checkout feature1
adding something in india.txt and and marking commit in feature1 
git commit -am "second commit in feature1"



10.Now merge this feature1 branch in Integration,Hotfix and Production branch.
git checkout integration
git merge feature1

git checkout hotfix
git merge feature1

git checkout production (main branch is my production branch)
git merge feature1



11.Now delete this feature1 branch once the merging is complete.
git branch -d feature1


12.Now commiting some commit in Hotfix branch and merge it into Production as well as Integration branch.
git checkout hotfix
Adding some line in india.txt and making commit in hotfix branch
git commit -am "first commit in hotfix branch"

git checkout master (master is my production branch)
git merge hotfix

git checkout integration
git merge hotfix

    
